docs/index.rst, before:

.. HomoPy documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sat Dec 17 19:55:42 2022.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to HomoPy's documentation!
==================================
*Your solution for stiffness problems!*

.. figure:: /source/images/Schematic_light.svg
   :alt: Schematic of implemented homogenization methods
   
   **Figure 1:** Schematic of implemented homogenization methods. Inspired by [Fu1998]_.

Statement of need
=================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /source/statement_of_need

Examples
========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /source/example_notebooks

Code
====

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /source/code

Installing
==========

Install HomoPy by running::

   pip install homopy

Acknowledgment
==============

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /source/acknowledgement

References
==========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /source/references

Commit message:

Add 'Scope and limitations' section in docs

docs/index.rst, after:

.. HomoPy documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sat Dec 17 19:55:42 2022.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to HomoPy's documentation!
==================================
*Your solution for stiffness problems!*

.. figure:: /source/images/Schematic_light.svg
   :alt: Schematic of implemented homogenization methods
   
   **Figure 1:** Schematic of implemented homogenization methods. Inspired by [Fu1998]_.

Statement of need
=================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /source/statement_of_need

Scope and limitations
=====================

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    /source/scope_and_limitations

Examples
========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /source/example_notebooks

Code
====

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /source/code

Installing
==========

Install HomoPy by running::

   pip install homopy

Acknowledgment
==============

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /source/acknowledgement

References
==========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /source/references
